c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearnAutoMapper\LearnAutoMapperTests\obj\Debug\LearnAutoMapperTests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearnAutoMapper\LearnAutoMapperTests\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearnAutoMapper\LearnAutoMapperTests\bin\Debug\LearnAutoMapperTests.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearnAutoMapper\LearnAutoMapperTests\bin\Debug\LearnAutoMapperTests.pdb
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearnAutoMapper\LearnAutoMapperTests\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearnAutoMapper\LearnAutoMapperTests\bin\Debug\LearnAutoMapper.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearnAutoMapper\LearnAutoMapperTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearnAutoMapper\LearnAutoMapperTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearnAutoMapper\LearnAutoMapperTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearnAutoMapper\LearnAutoMapperTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearnAutoMapper\LearnAutoMapperTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearnAutoMapper\LearnAutoMapperTests\bin\Debug\LearnAutoMapper.pdb
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearnAutoMapper\LearnAutoMapperTests\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.pdb
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearnAutoMapper\LearnAutoMapperTests\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearnAutoMapper\LearnAutoMapperTests\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.Net4.pdb
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearnAutoMapper\LearnAutoMapperTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearnAutoMapper\LearnAutoMapperTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearnAutoMapper\LearnAutoMapperTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearnAutoMapper\LearnAutoMapperTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearnAutoMapper\LearnAutoMapperTests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearnAutoMapper\LearnAutoMapperTests\obj\Debug\LearnAutoMapperTests.dll
c:\users\larry\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LearnAutoMapper\LearnAutoMapperTests\obj\Debug\LearnAutoMapperTests.pdb
